>> Brian Holt: So,
let's go do our PropTypes now.
So notice we're getting this, npn run dev.
We're getting a linter error that says,
hey, you don't have PropTypes.
That's something that
standard react enforces.
So, let's actually go talk
about what those are.
>> Brian Holt: So.
>> Brian Holt: What we're going to
say here is we're going to say,
const a  = React.PropTypes and
then we're gonna use that here
above render on prop types.
So an easy thing to get caught
up on capital P PropTypes here,
lowercase p propTypes here.
>> Brian Holt: I'll
explain why momentarily.
>> Brian Holt: So here you're basically
gonna say here are things I expect to get
from my parent.
>> Brian Holt: And
that's really all you're saying here.
So, I expect to get a show
object from my parent.
So I'm gonna say, show.
I need shape here as well.
So, shape.
>> Brian Holt: And
I expect to get a shape.
Shape is just a word for object.
>> Brian Holt: And I expect to get
the poster, which is a string.
I expect to get the title,
which is a string.
I expect to get the year,
which is also a string and
I expect to get the description
which as you may guess is a string.
>> Speaker 2: Aren't we
in the wrong component?
>> Brian Holt: We are.
Thank you.
>> Speaker 2: No problem.
>> Brian Holt: Sorry,
we need to go to ShowCard.
This is what happens when
you teach a class too long.
So cut that, we'll just rewrite that.
Go into ShowCard above render
put your PropTypes and
we're gonna say, const { shape,
string } = React.PropTypes, PropTypes.
>> Brian Holt: So, show is an object.
That has a poster, a title,
a year and a description in it.
>> Brian Holt: Now, why this is cool?
his is cool for several reasons.
First and foremost, I would think
the best reason to do PropTypes, so
I guess I should preface this.
This is totally optional.
React does not need PropTypes to run,
it's totally fine without them.
Why PropTypes are a good thing in my
opinion is anyone that comes to look at
ShowCard later, instantly knows
the contract for this component.
That if they wanna go include ShowCard
somewhere else, it's like cool.
All I have to give it is the show
that has these properties in it and
done, that's it.
We can even go so far as to say like
.isRequired and now it's going to error.
Well, it's not gonna error.
It's gonna warn, if it's not there.
>> Speaker 2: Two questions.
Marcus is asking,
since we now have flow support via Babel,
isn't it much simpler to
use instead of PropTypes?
>> Brian Holt: Yes.
Well, I'm not gonna assert that type
checking is any sort of simple.
I will assert that it's probably better.
I will allude to it briefly tomorrow, but
I purposely did not use Flow or
TypeScript for this workshop.
>> Speaker 2: Next question, this is back
at the question about, hang on, it's.
>> Speaker 2: About using ShowCard and
calling that DOM component
smart component thing.
The question is, it's more about,
should we have Showcard inside search or
use props children on search and
past ShowCard?
>> Brian Holt: Is props.children.
>> Speaker 2: Not better.
>> Brian Holt: No, not particularly.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I'll ask them to
actually post a side by side example.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
No, I'm having a hard time picturing that.
So, couple of questions that
typically come up with PropTypes.
Specifically in Netflix, we have a bit of
code that actually strips away PropTypes
from its ship mount production,
just so nothing's going down the wire.
Typically, it's small.
Nothing size that you're only cutting
out like couple a hundred bytes,
which is not a big deal.
So, these are fine to send down the wire.
And also when you're in production,
React does not check PropTypes.
So it's only in development,
it actually check PropTypes.
So these are actually fine to leave in,
you can leave them in always.
If you're interested in cutting out
every single byte that you can,
you can get something in your
build step that will remove them.
That's fine too.
Only that up to your discussion.
That's not necessary React specific thing,
but
I think they are a good thing personally.
And just like our friend said,
once you start using Flow or
TypeScript, you don't
need a prototypes at all,
because it's gonna do way more
than ProtoTypes ever would.
So I believe at Facebook,
they don't use prop types at all,
because they have Flow everywhere.
>> Brian Holt: But there's object, array,
array of, string, Boolean number.
There's a bunch of different
PropTypes that it can check for
and like I said,
there is like is required if
you want it to warn when it's not there.
Let's just take a look at what
that actually might look like.
So if I put like bool in here and I say,
posters is a bool and
then I save and I refresh.
We're gonna get a failed PropType.
It's gonna say, hey, you told me you
expected this and I actually got this.
It's just a really nice way to say,
okay, this is why this is going wrong.
Does that make sense?
So, there's no performance or
anything in here.
This is just purely for documentation and
some weak type checking for you.
So, there was a good question.
It was like what shape was?
I don't know if we got that on camera,
but I'm just gonna say that again.
Shape is an object, but
specifically what shape is used for
is an object that you're going
to describe the shape of it.
That's why it's called the shape.
You can actually say, object and
then just instead of all this stuff,
you just say, object and
it's just a generic object.
It doesn't actually care what's gonna
come into it, it's just object.
If you're getting an object and you
don't know what it's going to look like,
this is how you're going to declare that.
But if you know what it looks like,
don't be lazy.
Please declare everything in it,
that's what shape is for.
It's the same thing with array.
You can just say this is going to be
in array of stuff, but it's better if
you know what to taught the array of
those options for me to use array of.
It's like this is an array of string,
this is an array of shape of law and
you can kind of go all the way down it.
So yes, that's useful.
>> Speaker 3: Is that before typescript,
or
is typescript influence by that or
the other way around?
>> Brian Holt: I think its a chicken and
egg value.
Pascal, I think is
the answer to that question.
That's the answer to all typing things,
I think.
I don't know, to be honest.
>> Brian Holt: I'm pretty
sure TypeScript came first.
>> Speaker 2: Can you nest shape in shape?
>> Brian Holt: Yes.
Yep, it goes as deep as you want to.